### Attractions
* A man doing magic tricks.
	* When a player(s) approaches, the man says *'You there! You look like you've a keen eye! Place a bet and if you tell me how I did it, I'll double your money!'*
	* Should the player accept, the man does one of four tricks:
		* Levitating Coin
			* **Trick.** The man pulls a coin from his pocket and waves his hands. The coin begins to float as he waves his hand over it. 
			* **Solution.** He's using the _Mage Hand_ cantrip to hold the coin aloft.
			* A **DC 10 wisdom (perception)** check, reveals the man is keeping his other hand out of sight. (This is for a somatic gesture to cast the cantrip).
			* A **DC 10 wisdom (insight)** check, reveals the man is keeping a stern gaze between the player, almost encouraging them to look at the coin.
			* A **DC 14 intelligence (arcana)** check, reveals a faint flicker of magical light around the coin.
		* Guess the Card
			* **Trick.** The man asks the player to pull a card from the deck. The player pulls a card. After a moment of deliberation, he guesses the correct one.
			* **Solution.** He used a detect thoughts spell.
			* A **DC 13 wisdom (insight)** check, reveals the man is concentrating much harder than expected.
			* A **DC 15 intelligence (arcana)** check, reveals to the player that they felt something in their head, almost a sudden tiny headache that disappeared quickly.
			* A **DC 10 wisdom (perception)** check, reveals he is fiddling with a copper coin.
		* Vanishing Rabbit
			* **Trick.** The man produces a rabbit from under a cloth, shows it off, then makes it vanish by slamming it through the table.
			* **Solution.** It's his familiar, summoned with *Find Familiar*, and he dismisses it to a pocket dimension. 
			* A **DC 14 intelligence (arcana)** check, reveals a faint aura around the rabbit.
			* A **DC 15 wisdom (perception)** check, reveals two small sticks of burning incense in the background.
			* A **DC 13 wisdom (insight)** check, reveals the man was muttering under his breath as he revealed the rabbit.
		* Disappearing Ring
			* **Trick.** The magician places a ring into a box, closes it, and when reopened, the ring is gone.
			* **Solution.** They've used _Minor Illusion_ to project an empty box.
			* A **DC 14 intelligence (investigation)** check, reveals the box seems slightly heavier than it should be.
			* A **DC 11 wisdom (insight)** check, reveals a small bit of cloth sticking out from his sleeve.
			* A **DC 16 intelligence (arcana)** check, reveals a flicker of a shine in the middle of the box.
* A woman shuffling cups.
	* When a player(s) approaches, the woman says *'You, are you interested in a game, make a bet earn some money. If your eyes are keen enough.'*
	* Should the player accept, the woman reveals a small nugget of gold and places it under the middle cup, before beginning to shuffle them around.
		* 1d6 determines the place of the nugget
			* 1-2 is left
			* 3-4 is middle
			* 5-6 is right
		* After choosing a cup, a successful DC 14 Wisdom ([[Insight]]) check reveals that one of the other cups that is empty.

### Shops
* A woman selling herbs and small plants.
	* Her name is Hile, she has long brown hair pulled into a crown of braids and green eyes.
		* Goods.
			* Small bundles of mixed herbs. (2cp)
				* ***Description.*** A small leather pouch with a hemp cord. Inside is a mix of green, and yellowish dried leaves.
			* Gourmet salt from the salt mines of Colstoe. (1sp) 
				* ***Description.*** A small wooden box, with the image of a clouded mountain burned on the top. Inside is coarse reddish-white salt.
			* A living plant. (8gp)
				* ***Description.*** The plant has roots that curl and writhe like fingers. 
* A man selling breads and baked goods.
	* His name is Borrik, he has short messy blonde hair and dark blue eyes. 
		* Goods.
			* Bread. (3cp)
				* ***Description.*** Fresh bread, smells like it was baked this morning.
			* Cookie x3. (2cp)
				* ***Description.*** Freshly baked cookies. Chocolate chip, gingersnap, oatmeal, sugar, biscuits.
			* Healing Loaf. (10gp)
				* ***Description.*** A freshly baked loaf using a healing potion, giving it a slight red hue. Eating it heals 1d4 every hour for 4 hours 
* A man selling fish.
	* His name is Frans, he is old, bald, has grey eyes and callused hands.
		* Goods.
			* Bait x5. (2cp)
				* ***Description.*** A small clay cup of grubs. Its smell is pungent
			* Fish (2cp)
				* ***Description.*** It's a fish, head and all. In the bins there is a mix of salmon, cod, halibut, and others. 
			* Shellfish (3cp)
				* ***Description.*** A mix of lobsters, and large crabs
* A man selling trinkets.
	* A halfling, his name is [[Cale Fellion]], brown frizzy hair and brown eyes.
		* Goods.
			* Whispering Shell. (15gp)
				* ***Description.*** A small conch shell that, when held to the ear, whispers soothing words in an unknown language.
				* ***Effect.*** Once per long rest, the shell allows the user to re-roll a failed Wisdom saving throw. The second roll must be taken.
			* Gemfly Lantern. (25gp)
				* ***Description.*** A tiny brass lantern containing [[Gemfly]].
				* ***Effect.*** The lantern sheds bright light in a 10-foot radius and dim light for another 10 feet. Once per day, the user can command the [[Gemfly|gemflies]] to flash brightly, forcing creatures within 5 feet to make a DC 12 Constitution saving throw or be blinded for 1 round.
			* Stone of Minor Luck. (20gp)
				* ***Description.*** A smooth river stone etched with a triangle of falling stars.
				* ***Effect.*** Once per long rest, the stone grants the user a +1 bonus to an ability check or attack roll of their choice, declared before rolling.
			* Amulet of the Crow. (5cp)
				* ***Description.*** A hard metal amulet on a chain, a single wing made of blades.
				* ***Effect.*** No obvious effect.