>[!recite|no-title]
>You look around you. Nothing but a pale, pastel field of vibrant green and gold. You look down, your body is pale blue, and translucent, and every movement is flowing. You close your eyes a moment, a breath of cool air seeming to flow into you, then out, and in again. You are alive. Perhaps you weren't just a moment ago, but now you are. You look up, and what you see amazes you; silver clouds, and immense flying beasts; and beyond them, another world. Mountains, and great forests, mirrored on the sky, upside-down for you. You try to step forward, but what you find, is that your new form is... uncooperative. 
>You hear-no *feel* a voice speak to you. It bids you welcome, in words beyond language and sounds beyond hearing. What it says next, you understand as: "I have created you, in a time of greatest need." The voice shifts and flows, seeming to defy any laws your mind can conjure. "You are to be our hands. Our fingers in the material plane, through hosts you have selected for yourselves. The purpose or goal of your adventures may not always be known, but I will be there-always-to guide you, whenever the need should arise."
>You feel a shift in the presence's disposition. It has become nervous. "Now, I must see you off. We will rejoin once your first adventure is complete."
>Suddenly, you feel a force grab you, and pull you down, through the grass, the dirt and rock below. Through a great field of clouds, stood at the foot of a white city. Through a thick mass of writhing vines in a dank forest, then to black. Then it's all gone, what you witnessed, the words the presence said to you, even your very nature vanishes from your mind. But you feel your mind begin to swell with new memories, that of your host. And you begin to feel.

Players have arrived on the material plane
>[!recite|no-title]
>Your eyes hurt at first, as you open them, the world around you is a blurry mass of light. You wipe them, slowly adjusting. You find yourselves in a tavern-where so many adventures begin. You sit at a table next to the fireplace. It's a quaint setting, a small bar, a middle-aged man behind it. A game of dice being played at a table on the far end, under a staircase. And a small gnomish girl placing mugs of ale on your table. "Let me know if I can get you anything else." She says, with an uncertain smile, as she turns back toward the bar.

