
>[!recite|no-title]
> You're back to the strange place, mountains overhead, and a massive winged creature gliding between the two planes. You can see it's pitch black scales, and a glimmer of navy blue where the light strikes it. You see it's head look to the left, then to the right, almost as if it was patrolling. You feel more free than you did before. Your feet move as you command, and your fingers tingle with the feeling of the wind. Then you hear *the Presence* speak to you once again. 'Welcome back Spectres. Now that you have the basics of controlling your hosts, we can now get to more important matters. north of the town of Saulker, there is a mountain, in that mountain there is a tower, where a branch of an ancient order lived, and studied magic. They left an artifact. An object called the [[Cyclosphere]]. Your mission is to find and destroy this object. It is vital that you complete this task, and in good time as you will not have another chance.'
> *The Presence* reaches out a finger and touches your forehead, 'now, go.' it says as you are once again tugged back, through the ground, kingdom in the clouds, the mass of vines, and once again your mind faces, your ears ring and your mind stings. But only for a moment, then you are back to the now familiar feeling of your host.


Players have arrived on the material plane
>[!recite|no-title]
> A cold breeze washes over you, the ground is a faded green in the cracks of jagged rocks, but in the air small flakes of snow drift down. Ahead of you, at the end of the path is a large tower. A heavy cobblestone base holds up evenly masoned bricks interlaced with iron reinforcements at the corners. The tower sports a number of rooves, at various tiers rising to the top floor, with a small circular tower at the back-right, extending the height of the tower, then some. There are various small windows, reinforced with wrought iron, and sporting large hinges. The front door is smaller than you first expect, but it appears to be exceedingly heavy; thick beams of iron, and a large lock hangs from the latch.